Update RIP-7755 based on proof-of-concept work (#1)
wilsoncusack/RIPs: RIPS/rip-7755.md

  uint256 rewardAmount;
  // The minimum age of the L1 block used for the proof
  uint256 finalityDelaySeconds;
  // An optional pre-check contract address on the destination chain
  // Zero address represents no pre-check contract desired

>   // Used to verify if the Filler is authorized to perform the cross chain call

Reviewer: Let's remove this or try to make more generic, "Can be used for arbitrary validation of fill conditions."

  address precheckContract;

>   // Pre-check calldata to be used in a low-level `call` if the pre-check contract address is specified

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
  // Calldata sent to `precheckContract`, if `precheck` contract is non 0. Call should revert if precheck condition(s) not met. 
```

Reviewer: eh actually I like yours better

          revert InvalidVerifyingContract();
      }

>       // Optionally Auth Filler - will revert if call is not successful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Run precheck - call expected to revert if call is not precheck condition(s) not met.
```
